azure-endpoint-revisit (#1011)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/01-public-cloud/03-azure.md

> For existing cloud account go to `Edit` and toggle the `Connect Private Cloud Gateway` option to select the created gateway from the drop down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For existing cloud account go to **Edit** and toggle the **Connect Private Cloud Gateway** option to select the created Gateway from the drop-down menu.

```

> Once the above information are provided to the cloud account creation wizard, click on **Disable Properties**, if the user do not want to have a network call from Palette console to the Azure account for linking the Azure networking details to Palette console.  

Reviewer: I don't understand what is being said here. Also, we should address the user with "you" and not use a third-person voice such as "if the user."  But this paragraph needs work as it's confusing to read.

The following steps need to be performed to provision a new Azure cluster:

> 1. Provide the basic cluster information like **Name**, **Description** (optional), and **Tags** (optional) and select the [**Azure Cloud Account**](/clusters/public-cloud/azure#creatinganazurecloudaccount) from the drop-down menu. Azure cloud accounts with credentials need to be pre-configured in project settings. Click **next** button.

Reviewer: The last sentence is a prerequisite, so if this was structured into a How-to this would be addressed.

> 2. Select the **Cluster Profile** created for the Azure environment. The profile definition will be used as the cluster construction template and click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the **Cluster Profile** created for the Azure environment. The profile definition will be used as the cluster construction template. Click on **Next**.

```

> 3. Review and override pack parameters as desired. By default, parameters for all packs are set with values defined in the Cluster Profile and click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Review and override pack parameters as desired. By default, parameters for all packs are set with values defined in the Cluster Profile. Click **Next**.

```

6. Review the settings and deploy the cluster. Provisioning status with details of ongoing provisioning tasks is available to track progress.

<InfoBox>

> New worker pools may be added if its desired to customize certain worker nodes to run specialized workloads. As an example, the default worker pool may be configured with the <i>Standard_D2_v2</i> instance types for general-purpose workloads and another worker pool with instance type <i>Standard_NC12s_v3</i> can be configured to run GPU workloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add new worker pools to customize certain worker nodes to run specialized workloads. For example, the default worker pool may be configured with the <i>Standard_D2_v2</i> instance types for general-purpose workloads and another worker pool with instance type <i>Standard_NC12s_v3</i> can be configured to run GPU workloads.

```
